Andy hopes his seared tuna with a cumin
crust and creamy shallot sauce followed
by a banana muffin with rum cream will
be faultless everything on that plate is
cooked beautifully but the cream the
fattiness of that cream is just taking
away your ability to taste all the
little subtleties don't forget the
source
I don't think that's quiet I've finished
this yeah I mean that's quite up to the
standards you've shown us I think the
execution of everything is absolutely
perfect but it needs to be tasted and
redone and tasted and redone we're
bringing in your banana muffin yeah if
that tastes anywhere near as good as it
looks
I'm gonna be a very very happy bald
bloke Andy actually tastes better than
it looks
Wow it's very very good indeed they
didn't like my main course they did not
my main course that did not make us bad
to talk sir I really am genuinely
disappointed
Claire is risking classics with a twist
creamy creme fraiche and roast chicken
risotto followed by peach and blueberry
crumble with yogurt I think pudding
creme fraiche in the results I was
criminal I would eat it but I do find it
confused I still sort of you know worry
about the idea of using the word risotto
has got creme fraiche in it but the
flavors Claire are fantastic from the
risotto to your blueberry and peach
crumble nuts peaches berries and yogurt
it tastes really good thank you
I think of it scruffy I think they
should have come in its own little
ramekin yeah they're flavor-wise it just
works perfectly but it needs to be
prettier than that yes it does
whether or not it's enough to take this
through and you know the competition I
think is really really tough in there
today
can family cook Joe prove he's good with
flavor and presentation with scallops
black pudding and pea puree
followed by lamb with colcannon and red
currant sauce
that looks wonderful food like that gets
photographed okay
that is a symphony that is truly truly a
gorgeous dish
very very wonderfully tasty delicious
food Joe let's get rid of the scallop
and the peas bring in the lamb the
colcannon I shouldn't imagine you've
ever served this up to your wife and
your brothers before yeah a topknot like
that you probably can't make it and
maybe it shouldn't be made any prettier
neither your lamb is cooked to absolute
perfection but I so wanted battery
peppery potato right I think that needs
more than one or two big cracks heavy
cracks of pepper Greg's death oh really
it's a disappointment but the Lambs
delicious I think it's actually really
well done pleased with what I did you
know sort of the juries are still the
jury is still out as far as how people
make coal cannon
Gregg and I are gonna have a chat and so
far thank you
it's a tough tough round this one all
three of them have come in here with
such intent there were truly some
wonderful place of food here today
Claire's ability to be able to make
flavors stand out it's brilliant I like
the idea of the chicken the parmesan the
rocket but that's not a risotto it was a
rice dish with some creme fraiche inert
Claire's wow it's really hard
she's got flavor into that rice dish
she's got good flavor and sweetness in
the fruit with the yogurt but it looks
like it's just been tipped out of a
saucepan the competition is very steep
so if they see something in me that
makes them think that I've got somewhere
to go with it then I'd be absolutely
delighted Andy that starter of the tuna
float cream and tuna to me will never
work I didn't quite get his tuna in fact
I didn't like it to be honest but
there's no doubting the skill and the
intent there and that banana muffin with
the rum was glorious the muffin was
delicious but my worry right now with
Andy has he shown his whole hand
have we seen his repertoire I'd love it
they said my name bur I don't if I'm not
lucky the big surprise for me today has
to be Joe not without doubt the best
player food like today was Joe's that
scallop black pudding and pea puree one
of the best MasterChef dishes ever but I
was very disappointed by the lamb you
say Lam and colcannon
to me and I really thought I'd get a big
Irish steaming plate of food the
flavorings in his colcannon wasn't as
good as I really want it to be but Joe
is improving all the time
when he gets in the zone the food gets
better and better
I'm really kind of getting in
I'd like to go further really really
really would like am I making this
decision right now is not easy
yeah this is a tricky one job this is
true
I'll call the finalists is Andy